MVC Tool - Automatic Model Generator

[EN]
Several times I have to use MVC framework for the creation of a portal or a webapp. 
And many times, the dba had already built the architecture of the db.

One of the most annoying things that I happen to do, is to 'translate' all tables or views, in Model classes.

So one day, I created this simple but useful class. 
It reads from db information and metadata of the table (or view) and returns them in the form of a class Model 

Of course not always the class is ready for use, according to your needs you should make changes or add some function, 
but I am of the opinion that it is better to make changes that write from 0 all model, 
especially when the tables exceed 100 units.

In short, a Developer Tool convenient and fast, at least to me has saved many hours of work ... I hope will be helpful to you.

P.S. The tool as it is, only works with mysql db. 
I did it so that you can implement the functions of data recovery from any type of db.
Just a little bit!
once implemented a recovery from the new db, if you want to write the solution in the forum dedicated to the class, 
so that it is available to all ...


[IT]
Diverse volte mi è capitato di utilizzare framework MVC per la realizzazione di un portale o una webapp.
E molte volte, il dba aveva già realizzato l'architettura del db.

Una delle cose che più fastidiose che mi capita di fare, è quella di "tradurre" tutte le tabelle o viste, in classi Model.

Così, un giorno ho creato questa semplice ma utile classe.
Che legge dal db le informarmazioni e metadati della tabella (o vista) e li riporta sotto forma di una classe Model...

Ovviamente non sempre la classe è pronta per l'utilizzo, a seconda delle necessità sarà opportuno fare delle modifiche o aggiungere qualche
function, ma sono del parere che è meglio apportare delle modifiche che scrivere da 0 tutti i model, sopratutto quando le tabelle superano le 
100 unità.

Insomma un Developer Tool comodo e veloce, almeno a me ha risparmiato parecchie ore di lavoro...spero possa essere d'aiuto anche a voi.

P.S.
Il tool così com'è, funziona solo con db mysql.
Ho fatto in modo che possiate implementare le funzioni di recupero dei dati da ogni tipo di db.
Basta solo un po di ingegno!, una volta che avrete implementato un recupero dal nuovo db, se volete potrete comunicarmelo in modo da renderlo 
disponibile a tutti... 